This is a head gum original.
This is Ritumaro again. Yep.
Yep.
I mean, we're only like what?
Seven hours out, six hours out.
We're recording this at 5pm on a Thursday.
Another day that shit comes out tomorrow morning, man.
I mean, the energy is imbued.
Right? Yes, yes.
Of course.
So what if...
What if...
Yeah.
Just get on with it.
Fuck you.
Go!
Just say it.
I'm saying it.
What if we weren't available, really?
Yeah.
It would have been a fucking solo solo episode.
I would have done it by my own Lonesome.
Right?
The issue was high.
Yeah.
Really sneak up on you Friday or because it's happened every single Friday for three years.
So I'm wondering why it's like, oh shit.
I had to do this tomorrow.
Did it sneak up on me or am I sort of...
Just wait for someone to question that I asked.
But we got away from me.
I was in San Francisco, the Bay Area,
I had to be sure and...
Joseph A. Biden flew in.
I guess he's doing some fundraising and athletes in
or some shite and he was staying across the street
for me at the...
For lack of a German fair amount.
And so what happened was they shut down
the streets in every direction.
Right?
So for me to get to the airport on time
was not even in the cards.
And so there wasn't any way I could record
Monday, Tuesday or Wednesday.
What about last week?
Like, last week?
How did it not...
How did she not know that he was out?
That would have been a good idea.
Until you were leaving for the airport.
I don't follow the guys' whereabouts.
Stop my job to make sure that the taxpayers
being fucking charged for a bit.
You'd assume that.
Stay at a five star hotel, by the way.
You'd assume that you'd like...
notice something going around
at least like a couple hours before.
People hours.
I flew in on Saturday.
All right?
This was...
This started.
He flew in on Tuesday.
Right?
By the way, I flew via jazz sucks.
And I'd love to talk about that.
Jet sweetx.
It's a shuttle flight.
You can get from LA to San Francisco
on a private jet for the cost of less
than a fucking commercial airline ticket
with 29 other people, including twice.
Nick Kroll.
Right?
And so...
But the thing you're signing up for there
is that it's like a different section
of the Oakland airport.
Right?
And that's the section, by the way,
that Air Force One lands out.
So guess what they also did.
Sign private.
Send me.
They still fucking moved our flight
to Buchanan Airfield.
Two hours.
What was it?
What was Kroll?
I don't think Kroll was it on this leg.
Kroll was there when I went for TSM
for the dead company show.
Right?
I had happened was.
My whole trip was thrown off.
Ubers couldn't pick us up at our hotel.
Because we were too close to where Biden was staying.
And it took me off.
To walk to Buchanan.
We did that.
I'm just saying I've been turned around
and inside out.
Did you see?
Biden's fucking team.
I didn't see Ferris.
I didn't see Ferris's fair amount.
I didn't see Ferris's fair amount at the fair amount.
She, what I ended up seeing was the Tonga Room
and Hurricane Hut.
I saw hate ashberry a little bit.
And I saw the outer sunset a lot a bit.
I ended up seeing a lot of it the town.
Because I also went to the mission.
I walked through the silver lake of SF aka
Nobhill.
And I had my nob worked on
with a woman with thrill
and I hooked up.
Right?
Or you guys are having a good time.
Because I'm bringing a ton of joy.
I'm only going to see you San Francisco twice.
I'd never been really.
I'd been for the dead and company show and that's kind of it.
And I driven through but that doesn't count.
I'm here.
What are your questions follow up?
Just lightning around style.
Why don't you fly Southwest for like 4% of the price is Jet Sweet X?
Well, I just said that Jet Sweet X is the same price
or sometimes less than commercial.
So yeah.
Okay.
So you actually saved money by flying Jet Sweet X.
Either the same or saved.
And I definitely saved time and time as money.
So if you count that,
do you still hate San Francisco the city?
Because I remember that was your stance
when the warriors were constantly beating the cap leaders
in the finals.
What ended up happening was I got my nob worked on
by a woman from shrill on Nobhill
and then I sort of changed my tune.
Because I just became a tune to the energy of the city.
Right?
So like there's AI driving cars.
There's a dog robot delivering food that stepped on my toe.
And I don't know.
I'm kind of falling in love with the energy.
Okay.
Why did you go there Monday through Wednesday?
It was Saturday through Wednesday.
So I don't know if it's that you're not listening
or you're just not understanding me.
Basically it was their family commitment.
Family commitment.
Not really.
What's that?
Five days.
I thought you said five days.
I did five days.
And I don't know if you're talking about 80.
So you're there for five days?
That was there for four nights five days.
Yeah.
I don't much more interesting trip than last week than you did.
Where did you go?
Hennely on 10?
London.
Did you end up at Hennely on 10?
I didn't end up at Hennely on 10s.
So you avoided firepark at all costs?
Yeah.
I was asking questions about London.
Shoot.
Ten years ago or so.
You go to London and everything's super expensive because it's like,
it's already expensive plus the exchange rate.
It's like, oh, this $10 sandwich is actually,
it's 10 pounds.
So it's $15.
Now everything in New York and LA is super expensive.
So it's London even more expensive or it's like,
okay, now I'll send which is cost $18 here and there.
Comparable to cheaper.
Oh, even cheaper there.
Yeah.
I guess I don't know.
I feel like alcohol definitely cheaper there.
Which is what like five to eight pounds per drink.
Yeah.
Like I got a half pint of cider at the theater.
And you know, if you're getting like,
oh, first, I don't even know if they really have beers at a Broadway theater.
But you know, a cocktail is costing you $20.
Yeah.
Three pounds.
Wow.
Okay.
So America has because of the crazy price gouging that's going on
as certainly as London at this point.
More than crazy though.
I don't even know if that's the right word to use.
One second.
I'm talking to Chris.
And then what about like hotels and stuff,
super expensive as well?
Um, I think it's like kind of the same.
I got a pretty good deal at mine was three nights
for 450 pounds total total.
Oh, that is pretty sweet.
Exchange rate was like a 0.8.
You ended up staying at the hotel or.
Uh, I'm not going to reveal where I should do not there.
And I'm well, yeah.
You got back.
So I think you can tell them where you ended up.
Well, if I want to get on a sack.
Yeah.
I think that must have nailed it.
It must have actually kind of a cool place.
It was one of those places where you sort of sleep in a locker.
Why didn't we record earlier today?
Like, why five p.m. versus 11 in the morning?
What did you say?
Why five?
VPN?
What's a VPN?
Well, I didn't say anything.
VPNs that you thought I said.
You said Wi-Fi.
Internet?
I got it.
VPN.
What's that?
Oh, hi.
Why does it come after Internet?
Why did you want to do this at five in the afternoon?
Didn't want to.
It's such a time crunch.
Well, Maria gave me two choices.
Right.
She held my feet to the fire.
And I went through.
Because that was at six p.m.
My name.
And you said now or never.
And I said never.
And you said eight.
Yeah.
Do you want to read the exact transcript?
Because that's how it plays in my head.
And I want to know.
Sure.
What your reality.
So I can bend it to my will.
And Maria, you can still decide how you feel about it.
Still silent on the hotel.
Still silent on the subject of the hotel.
So it wasn't the hotel.
Okay.
How hard was that?
I didn't say where did you stay.
I said, was it the hotel.
And you said no.
I want to protect it.
And what if I want to stay there.
So that implies that you were staying at the hotel.
I still know why you did it.
I said, yeah.
You knew that this wasn't going to be able to happen.
Five, twelve p.m.
My son Jeff, do you still need to record tonight?
I'm going to listen to you, actually.
Well, no.
Because Jeff might have been not able to.
Like, even remember that he had to record.
I wouldn't.
Right.
Because he lost his mind.
So tomorrow.
Yeah.
That's a play right.
For sure.
Because last night he asked me if I wanted to record a one on one episode.
Oh.
And I said, this studio is pretty busy today.
I'll have to see.
I got back to him.
He never responded.
So at 5 p.m.
I took it upon myself to reach out.
Because I am talking to the work.
I might as well do have some sort of responsibility.
Check in.
And the day Jeff hasn't texted you back.
Totally.
So at 5 p.m.
Do you still need to record tonight?
I'm going to leave the office soon.
So just checking.
He said at 6 o 6.
You're fine.
We're out after.
Hour after.
I do if you can.
But no pressure.
I have an idea if it doesn't work.
I said, I could do.
Well, I do.
Well, I'm going to have to do the idea if it doesn't work.
So I want to keep that in my back pocket.
So I can either do like right now or in two hours.
And then he didn't respond.
Format's later.
I said, let me know.
Because I either need to set up the studio or go home.
ASAP.
It's really an hour to come.
Yeah.
Seven minutes later.
I said bump.
And then he responded.
Can we do 8 p.m.
ET?
Sorry.
Or not.
I don't want to inconvenience.
And I said, yeah, I can do 8.
And then he said, I know I am inconveniencing.
But if you don't want to, I can do a different.
It's been a week.
And I said, no, it's fine.
I'm free.
I was just trying to determine if I needed to go home or stay at the office.
And now it's a day.
And now we're here.
And I don't know.
I'm being lambasted because you guys don't like what I've done the past.
Or if it's actually about what happened this week.
I went to London this weekend.
I saw five shows in three days.
Wow, by yourself.
By myself.
Although two of my friends from New York happened to be there doing the same thing.
So I met up with them.
Oh, wow.
Did you find yourself?
This shows, sorry, one second.
This shows that are, okay.
So there's balloons.
I don't know.
Jeffery did that.
I think that was you from just gesturing.
I like this.
I know.
You did something.
You did some.
I created one of my gesturing.
What do you mean?
I didn't see that at all.
You didn't see balloons in my friends.
There weren't balloons in your frame of my screen.
Where are you?
I don't even think it's going to come up on the recording.
Rake it.
Did you see balloons?
I saw something.
There were like animated balloons in my frame.
Yeah.
Oh, is your question?
Jeff's devil in charge.
Yeah.
Bond of the week.
Are these New York Broadway shows that eventually go to London or ones that haven't
been to New York?
Western might end up at Pintages.
Just trying to figure out if you stayed at the hotel.
Didn't say the hotel.
They are for, for all the shows I saw that they had not been New York transfers
to the West End.
And as of now, there's no plans for any of them to transfer to New York.
Can I just ask though?
Is that, is that, you went about it in a certain way, where you made sure to only see West End
originating shows.
Because I don't want the audience to think that they're like aren't New York transfers to the West End.
There are ample of those.
But because you know that I'm not going to go see what you're talking about.
Exactly.
You're going to go to the West End and you're going to see things you can't see in New York.
So I just want people to think that, I don't want people to think that they're going to go to London
and that they're only going to see shit that are only there.
You have to do the research here.
Right.
Yeah.
London is a really, really thriving theater scene.
They have a really good, what we would kind of consider, like, off-ground.
A grasp, yeah.
A theater.
They have, and they're doing it really well.
So they have, like, a bunch of theater companies, a national theater.
The old Vic bridge theater that put on a season of shows.
And you went to see a bunch of those.
Are a lot of these theaters places that also have pines or maybe just ails?
Yeah.
They kind of all do.
Which is nice.
I do.
I stole this cup from the bridge theater.
I saw guys and dolls.
Did you declare that?
That customs?
I'm just starting to worry that you may be below.
No, I have global entry.
You, you have global entry?
Where did you get global entry?
And why?
I mean, I don't really get a year.
Is that just so you can go to London easily?
No, I got it when I went to France.
Anyone could get global entry.
Is it like TSA pre-check?
What the hell?
Yeah, it's like that.
Plus, you go into a different line when you're going through customs.
And when I got back to the States, the line, the regular customs line over an hour.
People waiting outside of the stanchions.
Global entry.
No one was in line.
I got through in a minute.
I feel like I can inflate it with like clear.
I thought that you had to pay like $100 a year for it.
You do have to pay to apply for it.
It's not like a yearly cost.
And a lot of credit cards cover the cost of it.
So your credit card might cover the cost.
Okay.
Highly recommend global entry.
And with TSA pre-check.
I really don't want to interrupt the flow of conversation.
But we are going to have to, on the week for sure.
But I want to talk about the hotel for a minute.
There we go.
And this is, I'm assuming, not part of the plan that you had for us also.
We can't hear the video.
Sort of see a choppy version of it.
Okay.
Is that okay?
Not really here.
Oh, here.
It's kind of an equally choppy audio version.
Yeah, so I mean, I guess what's your confusion about the hotel?
I was trying to figure out if Maria was basically doing this, right?
Right.
She said she didn't stay at one.
Yeah, but I don't, that doesn't mean that you weren't kind of trading London like this.
Uh, I don't think I was trading London like this.
I kind of walked around at a, like, fast, normal walking pace.
Not dancing on the streets.
I kind of want to point out, sorry.
I just need to point out this video, too.
It says, one minute with the hotel London.
Uh, the video is a minute 37 seconds.
Well, skip to the end and see if there's like a 20 minutes.
No, there's still going.
Nope.
It goes till the very last second.
What's your recent, do you have a reason for your recent fascination with the hotel?
I have no fascination.
I just know that this hotel exists.
Okay.
The first was only at London Heathrow Airport.
And you basically slept in England.
Last.
With the hotel.
I have a good deal.
The hotel Hotel.
All the day.
Oh, and...
Um.
We have to take a break.
Ready, you're right.
I'm squash on the oven.
Okay.
And ready, you're bound to the week because we are going to come back hot.
This show is sponsored by Better Help.
Guys, sometimes racing thoughts keep you up in night.
Right?
Or wake you up early, preventing you from being able to enjoy your sleep and thus enjoy your life.
You're fine at the end of the day.
You know, you just can't get your brain to stop talking.
You know, your thoughts are racing right before.
Better at other in, in opportunity moments.
And it turns out one great way to make those racing thoughts go away is to talk them through.
And therapy gives you a place to do that.
So you can get out of your negative thoughts, cycles, and find some mental and emotional peace.
I'm in therapy every weekend.
It offers me just that in a arena to discuss the things that are sort of going on and on
and circles in my mind so that I can get some good rest and also just enjoy my life.
So if you're thinking of giving therapy a try, start with Better Help.
It's entirely online designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule.
Just fill out a brief questionnaire and get masked with a licensed therapist and switch therapist at any time
for no additional charge.
Get a break from your thoughts with Better Help.
Visit betterhelp.com slash what's that today to get 10% off your first month.
Again, that's Better Help.
H-E-L-P dot com slash what's that?
Thanks, Better Help.
Hey, fuckers.
Are you a millennial who misses what life was like in the 2000s?
Have you had a hard time finding new or curated music?
Are you interested in multiple perspectives on relationships dating and other?
And are looking for hosts that offer non-male bashing perspectives?
But also holding both sex as accountable, then you're going to love see the thing is.
A podcast hosted by Grammy Award-winning R&B artist Bridget Kelly and media personality and podcast trailblazer Mandy B.
Twice a week, Bridget and Mandy have nostalgic conversations in their grown segments.
Political pop culture conversations in their honest segments and relationships slash hot
take conversations in the slightly toxic segment.
The opinions on the show are real and brought to you by the genuine connections that the ladies have with
the guests that they like to call their friends with benefits.
Each week you'll leave with some new music recommendations or a curated playlist that you didn't even know you needed in their new
freshly squeezed music segment.
Most recently the ladies have sat down with Ari Lennox, Big Fridia, Remi Ma, Van Lathen and more.
Follow slash subscribe to see the thing is on Spotify, Apple Podcasts or on YouTube.
New audio episodes drop every Tuesday and Friday and visuals are available on YouTube Wednesday and Saturday.
Check it out!
We're not going to really have time because for her and I don't know if she's at the hotel or if she's just where she lives in a private room.
Probably, but I don't know if she did like a staycation or something.
Probably not.
I know probably not, by the way.
I just am wondering and I think I'm allowed to wonder.
Because we've been adding to the kind of ethos of the show, right?
Because it's be joy, get-wise.
Or sorry, embellish faith and what was the last one?
I remember.
Well, let's say foster wonder.
Because I was just saying to a mirror that I wonder if Grace is doing a staycation or not right now.
And if that's why she might not have a hand in this week's episode, or if it's maybe just that we're recording.
Six hours before it has to go.
Yeah, I'm going to go with that one for sure.
Probably.
Here we go.
Bottom of the week, I'm going to go with the RIP Michael Gambond.
Michael Gambond?
Yeah.
He was ahead of his time, he was of his time.
He was someone who a mirror probably doesn't remember, but that's okay.
Because neither does Gambond.
I don't know what he just did.
Yeah.
Michael and the Weeks.
Gonna be Andrew Scott.
Fine, I'm here.
True holiday.
Nice.
We've got a lot to get to wax wise and then we have a segment.
Kevin James.
Let's talk about these again.
To wax wise, which is a stocky about anything.
And then we have a segment.
Correct.
So Kevin James has sort of come on to the internet all this week.
He's a specific memeology.
He's kind of just like,
mm-hmm.
And so I kind of wanted to know who in your guys' life or who maybe at the company had the energy of.
The Kevin James meme.
Exactly right.
I'm thinking shackle.
I feel like shackles have been getting married for like five years.
When is the ceremony?
Has it already happened?
Why wasn't we there?
No.
Small wedding or...
We don't know.
You should have her on and talk to her about it.
She doesn't want to come on.
She didn't want to come on.
She did the show once and said never again.
I was three years ago.
Yeah.
And you can do a bunch of people who have won and done it and then have them back on.
So shackle.
Katie.
Yeah.
She said she would come back on.
It was another all girls episode.
I'd love to do another one of those.
It's just hard to pin people down, especially like today.
I tried to get a bunch of people.
I could get all I could handle.
Wrangle was you guys.
And...
Well...
Yeah.
Whether the episode is coming out tomorrow or to, you know, next week.
It still was a, you know, as a work day.
Who else did you ask?
Casey, pile.
What did they say?
They said can't tomorrow.
That was yesterday.
Yeah.
So...
You didn't ask me yesterday.
I didn't really want you to be on this episode.
But, you know, Marika was, and I were going to do a one-on-one.
And then I worried that that was maybe too much to put on to Marika.
Because I'm also tired from the travel.
Right.
Yeah.
Anyway.
Let's kind of continue this going.
I think it's Riley.
It is Riley, actually.
But she does it jokingly.
Yeah.
Which she kind of does that likely.
So, that's like a bit.
I'm wondering who genuinely, and I'm wondering if it's maybe...
I was going to say...
Shackle.
You did it.
It's Peter.
I think it's Grimm.
It's like earnestly Grimm.
Grimm is like...
You know what I mean?
That's my impression of Grimm is like...
Yeah.
Not really.
Maybe it was Servantes.
Who?
Oh, it's this guy I've been vetting to be an intern.
Not your job.
Yeah.
Kind of is.
I mean, I need my assistant editor.
I'm sticking with my answer.
Yeah.
You're...
Um...
Let's continue on.
Imagine eating yogurt at the hotel.
Also, I just not to circle back on something we talked about a while ago, but...
Sure, we'll get back on my question later.
The round trip from Berbank to SF.
We're going to be like...
We're going to be at $78.
Yeah.
Very affordable, man.
The JX, the...
What, or whatever?
$369.499.
That's the 759.412.
Berbank to $600.
Yeah.
That's $279.316.
I mean, I've done that.
That was $269.
That's exactly what I said.
Okay.
Berbank to SFO, right?
Because I just...
Good to play to you on GoogleFlights.
Because I'm looking at the same dates, $78.
Well, I didn't pay for the flights.
Yeah.
The truth comes out.
I wish we didn't have to hold your feet to the fire.
Because now I'm starting to question every answer you've ever given me.
Ask me anything.
Now I have.
You're not.
Because I have to follow up.
And if I find the truth, then you're going to be honest.
Okay.
Ask me the same question twice.
I guarantee you'll be the same answer.
How old are you when you first hug the woman?
Probably like one, two.
All right.
Now I'm going to ask you again.
It has to be the same answer.
All right.
How old are you when you had your first hug?
Um...
I don't know.
Because there's a lot of things to question about that.
What is a hug?
What do you mean?
Like me, hugging someone or me being common.
You can't even...
A baby girl.
Yeah.
But you know what?
It's interesting.
It keeps people sort of engaged.
And I feel like that's the whole point of like hosting.
You've got to keep the audience engaged.
That might even be my approach to romantic relationships and generals.
To just keep them engaged.
And just like don't let them lose that.
Um...
Amir...
And engaged by...
To be wet.
But never the actual wet.
The actual...
Like a 14 year engagement.
Yeah.
But longer than that even.
Because like if you marriage, everybody's like, oh, you know,
being married so hard.
Nobody says being engaged is hard.
People say planning a wedding is hard.
So let's get engaged.
Not plan the wedding.
Never get married.
It's honey mood phase forever.
And you're sort of...
In bliss.
I don't know.
Domestic...
Yeah.
You'll tell it, dude.
It's like an attitude slash...
Yeah.
So attitude.
You'll tell...
Tell...
Holiday Inn.
That's funny.
Y'all a day in.
Sorry.
I'm trying to use...
Oh, here we go.
Up.
Go ball beside it.
Where's it?
Where's the way?
We do have a segment.
Do we want to get to it now?
Or do you want to wait another 15 minutes?
Or probably now?
Oh, right now.
That's what I was going to say.
Now it's fine.
Just because we're like 24 minutes in this.
Yep.
Second.
Take 10.
Why don't you guys talk amongst yourselves?
And then, Marie, can you want to check in on that?
What was it?
Flavtenous squash.
How do you not squash?
Do you want to make sure it's not burning?
Well, I get my laptop charger.
Could it smell it?
It smells fine.
It smells not burnt for sure.
But I wonder if you want to check the glaze.
See if it's maybe browning.
If you want to turn it into a broil from the bake.
So that we don't get this caramelization on top.
No.
Just so I can have the dots.
You go across the room and get it.
You could have already done it.
I could have done it within this time period.
But now we're talking about the flautas that you're...
Or sorry, the honey nut fucking materials.
Honey nut.
Flavtenous.
That's a type of squash.
Yeah, they're really cute.
They're...
This is good.
They're new squash.
They're relatively new squash.
So you bake it then what?
I was going to make some sort of risotto, I think.
Geez.
That seems like a whole other dish.
Yeah.
I thought you were just going to slice it in half and add, like,
I don't know, pomegranate seeds and chow down.
I have pomegranate seeds.
I did slice it in half, but my thought was,
carve out the flesh.
Put it in a blender with some...
Oh my gosh.
This is all for tonight's dinner?
Yeah.
That's a lot of work for a late night meal.
I agree, but I'm...
Blend it, put it in a broth, and then what?
You're not even done at your...
I'm the new maker.
I'm making the risotto with that broth.
I see.
So then you put rice in there.
Yeah.
But you've got to constantly stir.
We should use our 4-E-L-M-N, right song.
That's the risotto, right?
I did.
I actually had it grabbed it.
The irony is, Jeff left and we talked about rice while you were gone.
So true.
It's like segment...
Yeah.
Ready?
I said, let's do it now.
Yeah.
I was saying this.
It's either now or 15 minutes from now.
You're ready now or shall we wait 15 minutes?
There we go.
That's kind of ironic.
Welcome to Pump the Freaks.
This is an interview segment, sort of a compilation of questions asked and answered.
Factor fiction, beyond belief, beyond relief, because by the end of this, you guys are
going to be exhausted.
Here we go.
Pump the Freaks.
Question by question.
What do you do with Jonathan Freaks?
It does.
It exactly has to do with Jonathan Freaks and him hosting the song, beyond belief, so this
is beyond relief, pump the Freaks edition.
Here we go.
Have you ever walked out of a mall into a huge parking area and realized you'd forgotten where
you parked your car?
Yes or no?
I don't.
Yes.
So now.
Okay.
I'm here.
Expound on that.
Sometimes I'm not paying attention to where I'm parking, because I'm so consumed about
getting to where I'm going.
Then I'm like, oh shit.
Let me just find a spot and get out.
And then I, in a huff, like, find a spot, get in, hustle over the theater, the restaurant, or whatever.
Then I'm like, I can get all the rights.
Hustling, bustling over to a dillards to get your shitty chinos.
You pleated shirts.
I know how you, I know you're game blue and fall.
I know where you got your wedding tucks.
And it was a fucking sacks.
That's nice.
No.
It was a bundle of sacks that he pieced mailed together.
Chain mail.
Yeah.
Anyway, I forgot where I left my car after I parked it.
Have we gone non-biking?
What are you?
No.
Never.
I barely know.
That's true.
Marika?
You said you didn't drive.
You also don't bike?
What do you do?
Like, I've never mountain-baked.
Well, what is Manhattanipped on a mountain?
To climb.
Because if you can make it there, you can make it anywhere.
Sure.
What do you want to be when you grow up?
What's the ride?
What are these clothes?
What are you talking about?
It's pumped your brakes.
It's from the show beyond relief.
I see.
This is beyond relief.
Second.
So, what are you going to be when you grow up?
Retired.
Marika?
Happy?
What's the ride tip?
Interpret this as you will, expound expand.
Blunt.
It's 20%.
To stay at the hotel.
All the plumber to your home lately?
No.
I actually have.
Oh!
Breaking news.
What did you have to call a plumber foreblood, was it a massive log?
It's got no risk.
Unrelated song.
Yeah.
My toilet was flushing properly, so I had to get a new one.
Okay.
How much money would...
How superstitious are you?
It's hard to call it.
Audio levels are all different.
How superstitious are you?
I like to think that I'm not.
I like that I'm not.
But I'm a little stish.
Okay.
What do you get superstitious about?
Like the Lakers?
Yes, sports.
Like sometimes I'm like, oh, did I leave the door open?
Did the dog escape?
I'm not going to check outside.
I'm just going to look inside and hopefully find them.
Because if I look outside and see them, it's really bad news or something like that.
Yeah.
I kind of think I can tell the future sometimes.
So I guess relating to that.
How much money would it take to make you spend a night in a cemetery?
What do you mean what cemetery?
See the future.
Not that I can see the future.
But it feels like something to happen.
Yeah, sometimes I have.
But I'm just trying to...
Oh, this like...
I think about everything and then like,
an hour later or something it happens.
Just trying to keep it going, the episode and the segment.
So how much is it? What cemetery? What are my accommodations?
Just a cemetery. Definitely not like a nice one. Like it's not like Hollywood forever.
Stay awake or people there.
Spend a night so you can sleep you get like do whatever you want in the cemetery
But how much money would it take for you to do that?
I probably would sleep.
Yeah, so just don't sleep. Bring a book.
How much it's kind of a stupid question but this is pump the brakes beyond relief
So I'm trying to fucking pump the brakes rather.
Just name a fucking number.
A hundred thousand to stay.
That's you could have ten guaranteed.
Or I could have a hundred thousand.
Yeah, but it's about the bare minimum you would take.
That's the bare minimum.
Yeah, you wouldn't do it for ninety nine thousand.
You wouldn't spend one night where you can't sleep or not.
You can do whatever you want.
You have to wear principles.
Ninety nine grand.
Hundred take it early that.
I'm here.
Forty thousand.
I would do it for.
Well, the question is like how much money can you make otherwise.
I would do it for like.
Probably a lot.
I would do it for like twenty five hundred dollars.
You just play this.
You just play this is a.
You just play this is a good 50 people to give 50 bucks.
And then make you be in a cemetery for a full night.
Easily, yeah.
Okay, fine.
But you have to prove it.
Venmo Marieka up.
Actually don't wait.
So what's the number one?
I have to organize this.
Okay.
Well, let's just not do it then.
Yeah.
Do you have a sweet tooth?
Yes.
What a weird episode that was.
Do you believe in that in the past?
Yeah.
Do you believe in the power of curse?
Yes.
No, I'm here.
I have a sweet tooth, but I don't believe in the power of curse.
You had your hearing test of anything.
Yeah.
The episode counts as that, then sure.
I haven't had my hearing tested, but I have had somebody looking my ear and find ear wax.
So I got a ear wax removal.
Removal with the well.
Uh, you're supposed to have a doctor do it.
Can you?
Yeah.
Well, I don't know anything.
Did the chops.
And then I had the little, you know, the baster that you flush it out with.
And I got it.
The wax out.
But afterwards, like within 30 seconds, I felt so dizzy that the room was spinning.
Like I had a fucked up face.
Yeah.
Or something like that.
But I had to lay down and I felt like sick to my stomach for like an hour.
Might have been something wrong.
Yeah.
Can you show it?
I'm excited.
But I'm afraid to do the other ear now.
Planting a trip soon.
No follow-ups at all to the Marieka thinking she could see the future.
My ear related story or just powering through.
Do you think?
Or do you think we should take a little rest stop and explore the answers?
And I mean to clarify, I can't see.
It's not a crystal ball.
It's the fact that there's a layer of fun.
This idea.
Not really.
It's supposed to be beyond relief.
Rapid fire.
Right?
I don't even remember what he asked just now.
So I think that's pretty interesting.
Can you remember the tallest band you've ever seen?
What did he say?
It's hard because you guys keep talking over the ship.
Can you remember the tallest band you've ever seen?
No.
Yeah.
Actually that's a basketball game.
Ball baller.
Maybe shack.
I don't know if I've ever seen a football ball.
I probably went to a game where Bobon was there.
I think he's 7-3.
I feel like there's been a couple of games that you've talked about.
Were like a full ball was there.
I would have left the arena.
No, I never said that about.
No, that was must have been.
It was either that or Marika Stewart stated.
One time I at a.
Like Rage Festival.
That my dad was catering.
When I was really little, there was a man on stilts.
And he was he scared me so much I started crying.
So that's probably the tallest man I've ever seen.
Do you love to go a wanderin beneath the clear blue sky?
That's a classic.
That's a classic quote.
I do like walking.
So yeah.
And I do like wandering underneath.
I don't like wandering.
Yeah.
But yeah.
Well, that's because you're lost.
Not all who wander or lost.
But some who wander are lost.
And you're lost.
I don't mean like in the city.
I mean.
I'm not I'm not lost in life.
And I don't like wandering.
Because it implies either slow.
Speeds or no purpose.
And neither of those things appealed to me.
What is this?
I feel like you guys are treating this episode differently.
Just because it's like after hours.
It's like you guys want to get out of here or some shit.
I think it's easier to be such a good answer.
The energy is high for me.
I feel like I've been driving this through.
You know, there's like a driving base.
There's a driving kick drum.
And then there's me on this episode.
Hosting.
To get us right before dinner is the May dear of our day.
Have you noticed when big stars real estate agents have become?
Yeah.
Daria Greenbaum.
You careful with your personal records.
Do you guys keep personal records?
Do you have a filing cabinet?
Do you have it in cash?
Do you have it in signing a not cash?
Hard copies.
No, you guys have me saying cash.
But I just wondered.
No.
I'm here.
Do I have money in a hard cash?
Do you keep personal records in a filing cabinet?
I have like tax information.
Yeah.
Okay.
Can I say I don't want to dox this person.
But the person who uploaded this video, which is Jonathan Friggs.
Asked you things.
His name is Zane Goliah.
Kind of a name.
That would be.
Oh, that's like two.
That's not a user name.
Is your computer ever seemed to have a mind of its own?
Have you ever visited a Chinatown section in a major city?
I was just in San Francisco's Chinatown.
Nary three days ago.
And it might be the best Chinatown ever been to.
Sounds good one.
It's a good one or.
It's a good one.
I was in London, recently.
That was also nice.
I did a good London.
My trip was more interesting when yours.
It's hard because there's not like little America's other places.
Right.
Maybe the airports.
Amir, speak on it.
Um, are there little other countries in other countries?
Or is that purely an American thing?
Have you ever visited a flea market?
Yes.
We've obviously visited a flea market.
The flea markets in my hometown used to sell like.
Have you noticed how many successful restaurants are themed based these days?
That's not true.
Why?
Well, this show is like from the 80s.
Yeah.
Saying these days, not true.
Okay.
Then you guys don't think.
Because all the headgum api hours shows are themed based.
So I just don't understand why you're like so aggressive.
What's that?
Restaurants?
Restaurants have a theme.
How successful themed restaurants?
Name a restaurant.
We'll just rapid fire keep naming restaurants and I'll tell you what their themes are.
All right.
They may not be obvious.
Chick-fil-A.
A bigotry.
Continued out.
In and out.
California.
Panda Express.
Sticky sauce.
Really thick.
Fiskas.
Continue.
Yes.
Yeah.
The theme is gray.
Because the brown beef ends up sort of gray.
Are there any tie chains?
No.
Continue.
Let's keep doing this rapid fire.
I think we can all figure it out.
There should be fast casual tie chains.
What about fast casual tie G?
It's like you can get in and get out through a drive through but sort of get your piece
and find your balance.
I feel like that's good.
Name another restaurant.
Against tie cheese.
Why don't we name a couple more restaurants.
We'll go rapid fire.
Wrap this up.
The B.K.
C.P.K.
The theme is wood fire.
These cool.
No.
There's no way they can live fire.
Just a bit of it.
Fuck off.
Let's just continue.
Let's get one more question from Jonathan Friggs and we'll be out.
Have you ever had the desire to write your initials and what's cement to you?
What is this show?
Plugs.
What do you guys have going on?
What do you want to point to people to and then yes or no?
Just end on yes or no for that.
Plugs.
Yes or no.
Right.
Yeah.
Ameri-K-Lon on x slash twitter and instagram threads.
Let's go to the box to talk blue sky.
Listen to the pit wall.
Go see review reviews live show.
I thought you were a comedy festival.
Go see.
He had come a happy hour on your comedy festival.
By tickets to the headgums monster,
mash, massacre, live stream,
D&D, spook, tack healer.
That's all I got.
Amir.
Definitely.
To be honest.
To be honest with you.
Oh, also yes.
Jake said you guys have a new podcast idea,
but I haven't seen any movement there.
Yeah.
Like the sometimes write my initials and what's in it.
Shhh!
That was a hit dumb original.